Update privacy policy (#251)
minetest/contentdb: app/flatpages/privacy_policy.md

    * Provide essential system messages, such as password resets.
    * Send notifications - the user may configure this to their needs, including opting out.
* Passwords are used to authenticate the user.
* The audit log is used to record actions that may be harmful
* Other information is displayed as part of ContentDB's service.

## Who has access

* Only the admin has access to the HTTP requests.
  The logs may be shared with others to aid in debugging, but care will be taken to remove any personal information.

> * Encrypted backups are shared with Minetest staff members.

Reviewer: Who is `staff`? Where is it documented?

Author: Moderators and core developers. I currently don't do this with anyone, this is to allow it to be done in the future

Author: ```suggestion
* Encrypted backups may be shared with select Minetest staff members (moderators + core devs).
```

> * Encrypted backups may be shared with select Minetest staff members (moderators + core devs).

Author: ```suggestion
* Encrypted backups may be shared with selected Minetest staff members (moderators + core devs).
```
